Document the FIFO mempool mode (#2089)
nomiclabs/hardhat: docs/hardhat-network/explanation/mining-modes.md

You can use one of these modes, both or neither. By default, only the automine mode is enabled.

> When automine is disabled, every sent transaction is added to the mempool, which contains all the transactions that could be mined in the future. By default, Hardhat Network's mempool follows the same rules as Geth. This means, among other things, that transactions are prioritized by fees paid to the miner (and then by arrival time), and that invalid transactions are dropped. An alternative FIFO mempool is also available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When automine is disabled, every sent transaction is added to the mempool, which contains all the transactions that could be mined in the future. By default, Hardhat Network's mempool follows the same rules as Geth. This means, among other things, that transactions are prioritized by fees paid to the miner (and then by arrival time), and that invalid transactions are dropped. In addition to the default mempool behavior, an alternative FIFO behavior is also available.
```

Reviewer 2: This should have a link to the proper section in the reference.

> When automine is disabled, every sent transaction is added to the mempool, which contains all the transactions that could be mined in the future. By default, Hardhat Network's mempool follows the same rules as Geth. This means, among other things, that transactions are prioritized by fees paid to the miner (and then by arrival time), and that invalid transactions are dropped. An alternative FIFO mempool is also available. 

Author: I split this paragraph into two because I felt that it was too long after my change.

]);
```

### Mining transactions in FIFO order

> The way Hardhat Network's mempool orders transactions is customizable. By default, they are prioritized following Geth's rules, but you can enable a FIFO mode instead. This mode ensures that transactions are added to blocks in the same order they are sent, and is useful to recreate blocks from other networks.

Reviewer: Maybe I'm picking too small of a nit here, but I'd prefer to leave the word "mode" out of this, since we're already formalizing that word with the "Mining Modes" article title.  I'd prefer to keep using "behavior" here, for the sakes of consistency and differentiation.

```suggestion
The way Hardhat Network's mempool orders transactions is customizable. By default, they are prioritized following Geth's rules, but you can enable a FIFO behavior instead, which ensures that transactions are added to blocks in the same order they are sent, and which is useful to recreate blocks from other networks.
```

> You can enable the FIFO mode in your config with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the FIFO behavior in your config with:
```

> ```js
> networks: {
>   hardhat: {
>     mining: {
>       mempool: {
>         order: "fifo";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
networks: {
  hardhat: {
    mining: {
      mempool: {
        order: "fifo"
```
